1.  Hall sensor
The hall sensor was attached to the right wheels for measuring both odometry and turning angle of the robot. Since only one hall sensor is allowed, the left and right wheels' velocity of the robot was maintaining the same to keep the measurements reliable. This means that the robot's trajectory was fixed to straight lines so the performance of the robot's movement is highly depends on how straight it goes and how accurate it turns. Therefore a high resolution hall counter counting the rotatory angle of the wheels was integrated on the robot. The performance of the hall counter regarding the displacement and turning angle is tested with real measurements with a ruler and the results are shown in the graph. Fitting a linear regression to these lines, the resolution of the hall sensor is approximately 7.6 degree for angle measurement and 1.5cm for displacement measurement.

2. IR sensor
The IR sensor was also integrated to the robot for obstacle avoidance as well as distance measurement for localization. The behaviour of the output from the IR sensor is a logarithm curve so this curve was found out by collecting massive amount of sensor output with respect to the actual distance. The test distance was selected between 10cm to 150cm with a step of 10cm considering the effective range of the IR sensor. 100 samples was collected for each test distance to look at the standard deviation of the measurements. The results are included in the graphs. After fitting the results with a logarithm regression, the function of the distance measurement in terms of the sensor output is obtained and integrate on the localization.


3. POI detection
The detection of POI was based on three light sensors (two at the front and one at the back). The decision boundary of detecting a POI was measured with the real POI tapes and they are demonstrated in the table. To exactly stop on the center of the POIs, a dedicated logic was developed to head towards to the center of POI after one of the light sensor detects the POI. This logic is demonstrated in the table.
